Division of Labor Statement for Iteration 2

Work Done Jointly
1. Planning the timeline of iteration 2
- We decided to work on iteration 2 during the lab section as well as have it done as soon as possible.
- The updates to the makefile were also done jointly, which was great as both team members spotted errors
  together.

2. Implementing the parser and it's components into the scanner we made.
- This was done in the lab section on Oct 17 together. As we had followed the guidelines for 
  every aspect in iteration 1 and applied what we've learnt in lectures, this was done fairly quickly.
- The only challenge was to ensure that the proper dependencies and files were passed in the makefile 
  for the successful compilation of the new parser and the scanner. We also had an issue with constructors
  used by parser but these did not cause any delays.
- No changes were made into the given parser. 
- The unplanned requirements change did not halt the development of the program entirely as proper
  planning and code design on our part allowed our scanner to adapt to the requirements change painlessly. 
- Upon successful implementation, only 2 test cases failed, which we decided to work on separately.

Work Done Separately
1. Sophia pulled and copied iteration2 files into the groups source folder (taken from the public
   repository) to prepare for the implementation of the parser.
2. Lee attempted to modularize code from scanner.cpp but was unsuccessful. 
3. Upon discussion via text, it was decided that focus on implementing the parser should be priority.
4. Sophia and Lee both debugged the scanner as the test cases failed at sample3. 
5. Lee proceeded to debug the project by modifying the parser to give logs (parser_debug.cpp) 
   of the tokenlists and the parse, in which he discovered that the issue was with regex matching 
   of varName, which was fixed after consulting with Sophia.
6. Sophia then checked that the overall requirements have been met and done properly.
7. Lee then wrote the division of labor statement and Sophia finalized the project files before
   tagging. 

All in all requirements for iteration 2 was met fairly painlessly thanks to the cooperation and 
communication from both project partners as well as a solid code design made in iteration1. 
